hi guys I'm promised and today I'm here
with how to do a wearable Arabian makeup
look
I love Arabian makeup look because
they're so exotic and so beautiful so I
had to try this look today and I bet you
guys could use this for many different
special occasions like for partying
especially because I love the golden and
the bronze II shimmery look so you guys
could do that for that and just be
creative so if you guys like this makeup
look keep watching to see how to do this
luck bye but first to make this look
wearable I am gonna have to get rid of
my fancy outfit and my jewelry's okay
guys so I've already applied all the
foundation and you guys have seen me do
the step couple of times so that's why I
went ahead and skip that step today so
let's move on to the eye makeup so
here's the primer from Lancome the ombre
effect or and I'm just gonna apply that
all over where all the eye makeups gonna
go today so we'll end blend after
applying just blend it and smoothen it
out okay guys so I'm done applying the
eyeshadow base and our first eyeshadow
today is going to be from this
Maybelline's bronze blowout duo set and
we're going to use this brown right here
so grabbing my fluffy eyeshadow brush
and grabbing some of the bronze
eyeshadow I'm just going to apply that
right on top of the crease so I'm just
gonna blend it really well
and just make it really smooth on the
sides of my eyes so as you guys see I'm
just gently brushing the eyeshadow to
the inner corners of my eyes just till
here like this okay so after applying
the bronze eyeshadow I'm going to use
this goldish white eyeshadow and apply
that on my brow bones
so using a flat brush I'm just gonna
apply the goldish white eyeshadow right
on my brow bone like this so after
applying the eyeshadow on the brow bone
I'm going to pick up the same brown
eyeshadow and just blend where it meets
like this so it doesn't have a harsh
edge now take the same bronzy brown
eyeshadow in a smaller brush and apply
it right on the lower lash line
so connect the top right here where it
meets and just bring it halfway under
your lash line like this so now I'm done
applying the bronze in the lower lashes
I'm going to take the white eyeshadow
that I applied on my brow bone and apply
that right on the inner corner to kind
of give it the shimmery touch right
there and really makes your eyes pop so
apply that right on your inner corners
so now I'm going to apply this fun
golden glitters just to give it that
festive touch before I put on the
glitters I'm going to use this glitter
base from lust blush and I'm just gonna
apply that right where the glitters are
gonna go so right here just light
application and on the inner corners and
some right on the brow bone just lightly
so you don't wash away that eyeshadows
so now I picked some glitters in my flat
brush and I'm just gonna Pat that gently
right there now I'm just gonna apply
some in the brow bone so just gentle
Pat's like that I really love the
shimmering glow it's really pretty so
I'm just gonna apply it right here and
we are almost done with the glitters so
after then applying the glitters I'm
going to use this oil slick black
shimmering eyeshadow from Urban Decay
and I'm just
to sweep that right on top of my lash
lines like that and don't forget the
lower lash lash is to just sweep it like
this on the lower lashes now if you want
your eyes to really pop then use a white
eyeliner just on the waterline like this
and the other eye as well let's move on
to the fake lashes so now for the fake
lash I'm going to apply this really
pretty fake lashes from be stuff
cosmetics I really love these lashes
because they're really lightweight and
that is one of the characteristics I
look in my lashes so let's go ahead and
apply that so I've applied the glue on
the lashes and I'm just gonna apply that
right on the top lash line like that let
it dry for it while so the lashes are
applied and now for the mascara I'm
gonna use the Hypnose drama mascara from
Lancome and just gonna apply it first on
the lower lashes so now I'm done
applying the lower lashes I'm going to
apply the top lashes to make it blend
with the fake lash now I'm finished with
my eye makeup and I'm gonna use this
bronzer it's called a natural copper
from Lancome so I'm just gonna apply
till I have that bronzy glow and I'm
just gonna apply a little bit on the
temples right here
and let's move on to the lipstick for
the lips I chose this bronzy red
lipstick and I'm just going to apply
that all over my lips I'm just going to
apply a light application so to top the
lip color off I'm going to use this mini
coastal snacks and this one's kind of
orange E with little glitters on it so
I'm just going to apply that right on
top and give it that shine
and now we're finished with the makeup
look